# my-pwp-anna-khamsamran
a personal website portfolio to display my capabilities for employers and collaborators

## Milestone 1 Feedback
Excellent work here - you're done a great job outlining a solid direction for your PWP. Based upon what I read here it also sounds like you have a well defined direction regarding the kind of opportunities you're looking for too - and that's awesome.

The main points you outlined in your Persona should direct and inform your design phase beginning in Milestone 2a. A few of the statements that really stood out to me were (in no particular order):
- "Alexandra needs to know whether I am going to be a smart worker, and not just a hard worker."
- "...good fit-design-wise..."
- "...needs someone who already has the basics, and preferably, some artistic skills."
- "...good with systems...and outcomes from design decisions...the ability to research and find solutions..."
- "...committed to empowering women..."
- "...seeking another full-stack web developer to add to her team, initially as an intern..."

I'm really looking forward to seeing how you choose to design your UI and content strategy in regards to these specifics. Professional presentation and style choices should also be a key concern as well. Unfortunately we don't delve into web graphic design in any real depth in this class (not enough time!), but since it is important I'll definitely share some resources with the class that might help with some direction and inspiration. Daniel Heron is also a great source of information and help regarding how to market yourself in IT, and how to find opportunities that are a good match to your talents and values. I'm really looking forward to seeing your project take shape.

Technically your project looks great - your code and repository/directory structure are all set up to spec.

Nice work - your Milestone 1 passes at [Tier IV](https://bootcamp-coders.cnm.edu/projects/personal/rubric/).

### Edits &amp; Suggestions
- Go ahead and remove the autogenerated `<?php` tag and comment text in **milestone-1.php**. PhpStorm throws this in by default, and generally I just delete that stuff right off the bat. It's not needed for a document like this one, and I'm glad to see you closed the php tag so it didn't cause a parse error. :smiley:

## Milestone 2&alpha; Feedback
Excellent work here - your ideas are clear, well defined, and your wireframes are well done. I'm really looking forward to seeing this project come together!

The layout of the content regions is fairly simple and straightforward - I don't foresee any issues here using the Bootstrap Grid. For the text content sections I would consider formatting the paragraphs in columns on wide screens for readability. Long lines of text (> ~75 characters) become more difficult to read and engagement goes down.

The simplicity and/or complexity of applying the background SVGs can vary depending on what you'd like to achieve visually. The simplest method could be just applying your SVG as a singular `background-image` in CSS - loading the mobile version by default and the wide-screen version inside a `@media` query. A much fancier (and more difficult) option that might be interesting could be to work in some mouse and gyroscope-aware parallax effects. This would require slicing the image into different layers, applying them as individual `background-image`s in a nested `<div>` structure, and utilizing a JS plugin like [Parallax.js](https://github.com/wagerfield/parallax). Might be something of a "stretch-goal" to explore later, as this could be a bit time-consuming.

I think this carousel plugin might work well for the kind of gallery you have outlined: [Slick Carousel](http://kenwheeler.github.io/slick/). Have a look at the "Slider Syncing" option. This will require a little added jQuery for the configuration and custom text  - but it shouldn't be too difficult. Have a look at the documentation and I can help when the time comes.

[FontAwesome](https://fontawesome.com/) is a great resource for free iconography.

Your directory structure and code all look great. I think you're ready to begin development.

Build your PWP in a file named `index.php` inside `/public_html`. CSS, images, and JS directories should also be inside `public_html` and siblings to `/documentation`. We won't be using the `/documentation` directory any longer.

If you feel ahead of the curve during your development phase in the coming weeks, have a look at the [PWP Contact Form Doc](https://bootcamp-coders.cnm.edu/class-materials/jquery-validated-captcha-form/) for an overview of the Swiftmailer integration.

Nice work. Your Milestone 1 passes at [Tier IV](https://bootcamp-coders.cnm.edu/projects/personal/rubric/). You're clear to begin development!

### Edits &amp; Suggestions
Helpful resources on working with SVG for the web:
- https://css-tricks.com/mega-list-svg-information/
- https://css-tricks.com/using-svg/
- https://css-tricks.com/lodge/svg/
